TsuksutsSan
I am veryaza proud of my make-up skill.
I said education, so I thought I was going to Kyoto
Not really, education is education for schools
When I was little, I played with the water
When my father told me about it, I was so excited that I fell asleep
I'm not a good boy
Hey, don't play with me
I'm not sleepy
I'm not sleepy either
That's right, you can't sleep without sleep
If you want to sleep, you can sleep first
What do you mean?
I'm not a bad boy
I'm not a good boy
You should study
Don't say that
Listen to me
I'm told by teachers at school
When you talk to your parents at home, you can't sleep
You can't sleep
I'm told that you can't sleep
I'm going to ask you to sleep
Don't say that
I don't care if you don't
What are you going to tell me?
It's a long time ago
When was it?
What do you mean?
When the Emperor, Emperor Meiji, Emperor Keio, Emperor Ansei
There's a year-end ceremony
When was it?
It's a long time ago
It's an old story
It's still a long time ago
Where is it?
It's a place
You can't go anywhere
It's a new story
It's written in every way
Nani prefecture, Nani street, Nani village
I want you to tell me that there was an accident
Don't say that
Tell me where it is
I'm going to ask you to sleep
Don't say that
I don't care if you don't
What are you going to tell me?
It's a long time ago
When was it?